[Doc] Added description for begin, end missing functionality (#270)
oneapi-src/oneDPL: documentation/library_guide/pstl/dpcpp_policies_usage.rst

a SYCL buffer and return an object of an unspecified type that satisfies the following

> requirements:

Reviewer: I think, I understand what we are trying to say. In that case I would not use the word _requirements_ at all because those are not our requirements (to let's say function argument). Those are our guarantees. In other words, that is the API we guarantee that object has and it's available for calling on the user side. Basing on that, please see my suggestions.

Author: Actually I don't see differences. Here we say that users can rely on following functionality. Isn't it requirements?

Reviewer: But I do. When you think about the requirements you basically asking something to fulfill those requirements but if you are promising something you basically provide the guarantees. That's how I see it.

> a SYCL buffer and return an object of an unspecified type that satisfies the following
> requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a SYCL buffer and return an object of an unspecified type that provides the following
API:
```

> * it is ``CopyConstructible``, ``CopyAssignable``, and comparable with operators ``==`` and ``!=``;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* it satisfies ``CopyConstructible``, ``CopyAssignable`` C++ named requirements and comparable with ``operator==`` and ``operator!=``
```

> * the following expressions are valid: ``a + n``, ``a - n``, and ``a - b``, where ``a`` and ``b``

Reviewer: You are saying what expressions are valid but you are not saying the effect from those

Author: You are right. Do you think it needs to be mentioned? What if we say that "it has the same effect as the return type would be an iterator"?

Reviewer: I think it would be ok if you say something like "effect for those operations is the same as for the type that satisfies ``LegacyRandomAccessIterator`` C++ named requirement." It might be still unclear, though. Probably better wording is needed.

* Has a ``get_buffer`` method with no arguments. The method returns the SYCL buffer passed to
  ``oneapi::dpl::begin`` and ``oneapi::dpl::end`` functions

> Also ``begin``, ``end`` can optionally accept SYCL deduction tags and ``sycl::no_init``

Author: I've aligned it with the Spec: https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec/blob/main/source/elements/oneDPL/source/pstl.rst

> Also ``begin``, ``end`` can optionally accept SYCL deduction tags and ``sycl::no_init``
> (See SYCL 2020: 4.7.6.3, 4.7.6.4 for details) to explicitly mention which access mode should be applied
> to the buffer accessor when submitting DPC++ kernel to a device, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``begin``, ``end`` can optionally take SYCL 2020 deduction tags and ``sycl::no_init`` as the arguments to explicitly mention, which access mode should be applied to the buffer accessor when submitting DPC++ kernel to a device. For example:
```

I would not use some paragraph numbers in SYCL spec because they are floating. Unless they have something persistent (like tags in C++ standard) I would just use SYCL 2020.

As far as I can tell _e.g._ is used when you want to continue the current sentence and it currently hard to read it when you have _e.g._ and then just the code. The sentence looks incomplete. _For example_ serves better the same goal in my opinion

Author: Agree. Thanks

.. code:: cpp

>   auto first1 = begin(buf, sycl::read_only);

Reviewer: Probably add some comment in the code like ``auto first1 = begin(buf, sycl::read_only); // buffer<...>`` with concrete template arguments. Otherwise, it might be unclear to the user what is the result type.
I would prefer to have such a comment for each line

Author: Seems it's unnecessary now.

  auto first2 = begin(buf, sycl::write_only, sycl::no_init);
  auto first3 = begin(buf, sycl::no_init);

It helps to build the dependency graph of parallel algorithms' calls more correctly.

> 

Author: Maybe we can also mention somehow that parallel algorithms already set "access modes" and users can rewrite it using such way. Not sure how mention it correctly...
